basil wants to be a
policeman the three-year-old saw his
journalist father being arrested by
Israeli forces he now wants to fight for
justice and set him
free he says they took my dad handcuffed
him and left since the arrest he started
wanting to play with the handcuffs the
police vest and the
Bon he inter Ed our interview to tell us
he thinks his father mu is scared and he
wants to protect
him mu lost an eye in 2019 when he was
shot by an Israeli soldier while
reporting on a protest now he's being
held in an Israeli jail for 6 months
without
charge Israel says it's targeting those
who are inciting others journalists say
it's another way to silence the
Palestinian
narrative Israeli forces killed nearly
as many Palestinian journalists in Gaza
in the past month than they've killed in
the past 20
years holding symbolic coffins of their
colleagues who have been killed many
fear they could be next the picture save
lives and save Humanity this is and they
are our eyes there they are our
senses uh I'm holding a colleague I'm
holding a friend and I really wish Not
Another Second to lose another one
Israeli forces have arrested more than
26 journalists in the West Bank since
October the 7th journalists including
foreign ones report being prevented from
doing their job even if journalists
Brave the risks of being arrested or
injured or overcome the restrictions on
movement many Palestinians who face
intimidation are too scared to talk to
the media because of acts like this
don't film here stop this okay but okay
while we were filming in Bethlehem is is
soldiers tried to take our
camera one of many incidents of
journalists being
harassed take it you you don't film me
you understand adding to people's
concerns that sharing their stories will
get them in trouble they could lose a
job be arrested or
attacked reports of funerals and attacks
in the West Bank make headlines but with
journalists facing growing pressures
many stories of Life under occupation
are likely to go Untold for now Nida
ibraim Al jazer the occupied
Westbank make sure to subscribe to our
channel to get the latest news from Al
jazer